Single Dummy Analysis:

NOTE: The current algorithm for analyzing hands is NOT going to work.  I need to figure out a method of
specifying lines of play that will allow situations like the following to be specified:
1. h-h-AH-h and h-h-QH-h are mapped to the same entry even though the KH is out.
   so I cannot tell when to finesse and when to play the ace.

To complete Play Analysis:
* merge several solutions when showing final analysis 
	5D lead for example has several solutions but there should be one entry for this analysis
* In the May 24 hand S:5D-8D-2D-3D, W:4C-AC-7C-5C and S:5D-AD-2D-3D, W:4C-AC-8C-5C should be merged
* In kantar #1 why is 8S->JS TC->7S only 50% - because N:TC-8C-KS-4C and N:TC-JC-7S-2C should be merged
* In kantar #2 4C-5S only 70% - because N:5H-2H-AH-6H is merged with N:5H-2H-QH-7H  
* verify assumption in CountResults() about how scoring works.  It may be wrong for EW plays. Look for example.  Document it too!

New Feature List:
* make play analysis contract always NS for simplicity??
* use multi threads for analyze hands to reduce analysis time 
* Add audio?  Including error sound for when you select an illegal card to play
* add font with spades, hearts, clubs, diamond symbols - library does not support unicode unfortuately

The algorithm for analyzing hands goes as follows.  I deal the specified number of hands using
any restrictions placed on the hands and use the double dummy solver to determine how many of them
can make the specified contract.  This is why it is important to specify some restrictions otherwise
you get hands that would not likely match the bidding or those that make the contract impossible to 
make.  In fact I recommend setting the depth to 1 and dealing 10-20 hands to see which ones fail to 
make the contract.  Use these hands to set the restrictions.  Of course you can analyze hands where
East or West are declarer but it is harder to make the restrictions for them, so North-South is the
preferred direction.

For those deals where the contract can be made I proceed playing the hand using the double dummy solver 
for each players turn down to the depth specified for each hand.  This of course makes an assumption 
that given enough depth the cards will be marked so that double dummy plays like dropping honors or
finding the correct finesse will more likely be known.  With small depths this will not be true.
In fact with small depths completely incorrect lines of play will occur.  For example, with depth=1:
        S 8          
        H Q94        
        D J9762      
        C AK         
S                 S AJ         
H KJ82            H T753       
D A84             D KQT3       
C 9864            C 7          
        S QT9764     
        H A6         
        D 5          
        C J5         
5D and AH are 100% lines of play when in fact AH is only 50% because it depends on who has the KH.

I collect all the lines of play and combine them into a tree using just a few criteria:
1. The same player leads to the trick
2. the same player wins the trick
3. the same suit wins the trick
This is not quite sufficient because we can get lines of play like the following:
Where S,H,D,C to represent the suits and x to represent any card that is not trump
and N,E,S,W to represent North, East, South and North hands.
E:Tc-QC-xC-xC N:8S-xS-KS-x, S:AH-xH-xH-xH
E:Tc-QC-xC-xC N:8S-xS-TS-x, S:KS-x-3S-JS
These lines of play should not be combined because the KS is played later in the second line
but has already been played in the first line.  So another rule is also used:
4. We cannot combine lines of play when a card used to win a trick is played later
We can of course combine parts of the lines of play into a tree as follows:
E:TC-QC-xC-xC N:8S-xS-KS-xS S:AH-xH-xH-xH
                            ....
              N:8S-xS-TS-xS S:KS-x-3S-JS  
                            ....       

Because the processing can be very slow I use multiple threads to process each deal.  For a 
system with 4 cores and 8 processors, we can use up to 8 threads to get a 4-5 speedup over using 
one thread.

I now combine all lines of play for each hand into one tree.  I keep a count of the number of 
hands that reach the end node of the tree.  I now pass the count of hands up to the parents using
the maximum number of times we reach the terminal nodes.  Of course using maximum is correct for 
the declaring side because you would not choose inferior lines of play.  I use maximum for opponents 
are hands where it is not possible to reach a terminal node.  For example if say West has AKQ of 
diamonds, East can never win a diamond lead.  Other times it is possible that if West won the lead, 
he would be forced to give up an overtrick which the double dummy solver would prevent.  The count 
represents the percentage for this line of play.  
